# FullScale
Fullscale code and relevant development tidbits 

In the fullscaletest.ino is a file from 2/17/2026. I made the updates to be every 35ms. Which is not planned 20ms, but fairly close and I belive would yield usable data. Unfortunately, unlike ModifiedSub.ino it does not look beautiful, since there's a problem with Display and Sleep Mode. If those 2 things are gone, SD card write/flush works fine. I suspect its the I2C clutter and timing misfire, blocking the code from progression. Needs more testing. Debating wether or not to add failsafe to the code to make it run no matter what. Nasa would love it. Barometer was an issue, but I fixed it by writing directly to it and avoiding Adafruit. Otherwise, sample was too slow. Wondering how I got it to work the first time. Perhaps it wasn't even working the first time either and I was too naive and lacking scrutiny to notice. 

changelog since 2/18/2026. 
Modified fullscaletest.ino by adding verbose reset I2C bus and ICM. Display still doesn't work and there's a problem with the loop actually looping through. Tests show that the I2C bus is still taken up by something during new polling for data from MPL, which stalemates it. Maybe, if I do the aggregate: "send only sensor data every 25 loops to the display" it will fix itself. But there's still an issue of recording it to the SD file. I've been assured that the slower ICM should not affect fast MPL, but Im not so sure. Perhaps if I oversample ICM to the same degree it will fix itself magically.

changelog since 2/19/2026 
I2C communication now works just in time and everything is SD logged in time. Had to remove electromagnetic measurment, because it's easier to delete unnecessary measurment, than to fluff with adafruit libraries. Added LED test that is meant to simulate servomotor, code for which will be added in a final iteration soon(tm). Implemented a threshold metric that uses 2 values, to measure the top and bottom altitudes, after the top altitude is reached, we wait for the bottom one to trigger LED. This would imply descent. 
